So for this part 1 and part 2,
we use the same model, so cocoSsd, but
with different inputs.
And now, I want to move on to part 3,
where the piece of the code that
we're going to keep is we're going to keep
the webcam, but we're gonna change model.
And instead of an object detection model,
we are going to use
a face detection model so
that then you can see that with the same
input of an image, you can actually also
start to build applications around seeing
where a person's face is on the screen.
I don't know if it does
multi-people detection, but
we're going to do at least one.
And I use face detection, because actually
I think it can detect multiple faces.
And we're gonna see what comes
out of this model as well and
see what we can do on screen.
But in terms of HTML,
the only thing we're going to change
is move from part two to part 3.
So in terms of what we import,
we start again.
We have TensorFlow.js, but then the rest
is going to be a bit different, so
@ensorflow, and tensorglow.js.
And now, because we're going
to use a different model,
it's already in the package.json, so
don't worry about installing it,
it should have already been installed.
That is going to be called
mediapipe/face_detection.
So mediapipe is a kind of suite of tools.
It's still part of TensorFlow.js and
it's still developed by Google,
but they do a lot of detection of
body parts, so it could be face.
They also do the pose detection model for
more of key points around your body.
I think one is specifically for
hand movement.
So I think when I built the plugin for
a Figma,
it was using the hand detection model,
and it's pretty good.
You have a lot of key points about
different parts of your hands and stuff,
and then you can build cool things.
But for now, we're just gonna keep
it simple, just use face detection.
And when you're using the models in
the MediaPipe kinda bundle of tools,
you also need to import
more TensorFlow.js stuff.
So we have tensorflow and
then tensorflowjs-core, and
we also needed to import backend for that.
So we have tensorflow.js, and
I think this is backend webgl.
So there's a lot of imports going on,
ooh, actually give me a second.
I might have been wrong about that one.
Let's comment it up for now, because I
think I tried a couple of different ways.
The way we're going to import the model
instead is everything as faceDetection
cuz if changed, oops, from, and
then that's TensorFlow.js models.
They've kind of changed a little
bit sometimes the way that they
put things together,
it's under MediaPipe or TensorFlow model.
We're gonna see which one works, I forgot.
I think it might be that one instead.
But it's the same thing, Tensorflow and
MediaPipes are kind of,
Did just work the same way.
And then to make it easier,
we can go to part 2 and
copy our Webcam Capture and Video button,
because in terms of interaction
from the user, it's the same thing.
We're gonna still click on the Webcam
button to turn on the webcam.
We're gonna still have the Capture
button to take a still picture,
and we still need our video element to
pass it to the start webcam function.
Okay, so again, to keep it consistent,
we can have s init async function, and
just gonna declare a model variable.
And in here,
we are going to essentiate our model.
And you'll see here that
the way we instantiate or
we load the face detection model is a bit
different from the syntax for coco Ssd.
So for this one, it's
faceDetection.SupportedModels.MediaPipeFa-
ceDetector.
So I think that's probably why
they've changed the syntax.
Maybe before I was importing it like this,
and now they change,
they move the [INAUDIBLE] js models.
So the way to start, oops, yes, so
at first, we haven't really loaded yet
because there's a few parameters
that we need to pass.
So here, we can do, okay, I'm gonna
declare a variable called detector.
So they just have a different syntax for
this model.
And here, we're going to do detector and
we're going to await the faceDetection
createDetector to detect
what's in the face, and
then we're gonna pass it the model.
And then we have some configs, and
it's just going to be an object
with the runtime is going to be,
yeah, tfjs as a string.
So I know that in terms of the syntax,
this is a little bit different.
So depending on the model
that you're using,
make sure to check the docs
are what's in the README.
I wish that you could just
do faceDetection.load,
but I guess that maybe it's just
because it's like a MediaPipe model
that they do a little bit
differently from the other ones.
And if you start to use maybe
the post-detection model,
I think that's also a MediaPipe model, so
you might have to also create
detectors and things like that.
And do the syntax is
a little bit different,
but it's not that much more lines of code.
So we have the buttons and
we have our init function, but
we did not actually start the webcam or
take the picture.
So as we already wrote these functions,
we can copy them here.
Okay, so we have our onClick
to start the video again,
the webcam, and then we have
our function to take a picture.
And here, again, we're passing
the predict as the callback, but
we did not declare that function.
So this 20 is going to be a little bit
different, so we're gonna write it.
So we have a predict function, predict.
It's going to be async function, and
we're going to pass it
an argument called photo, or
image, or whatever you want to call it.
And as I was telling you before, that once
we're actually calling either predict, or
detect, or anything that is detected from
the model, we get back a prediction.
So here I called it faces,
because that's what we're predicting
when you could call it predictions.
And we're going to await,
oops, the detector,
and we're going to call
the method estimateFaces.
So instead of being more general as
predict or detect as this model is
particularly to detect faces, then they
have a method called estimateFaces.
And we're passing the argument that
we passed into the predict function.
So here, it was photo, but
there's a little bit more.
I think that by default it might
flip the image horizontally,
so we just need to pass it or
flipHorizontal, false, just to make sure.
And at this point, you can either,
oops, log the faces.
Or one util function that is probably
gonna be, okay, let's start with
that just to show you what's actually in
what's returned from the model and then
we'll actually look at the util function
to draw around your face on the screen.
So the last step that we need is to
actually call the init function.
So if I recap, we imported the tools
that are gonna be necessary.
Then we have our elements from
the UI to be able to click on them.
So we have a Webcam button that's
gonna start the webcam feed,
then we have a Capture button
that takes a picture, and
then here we have an init
function that loads the model.
And whenever we capture the webcam,
we have a predict callback that is
going to call estimateFaces that's
gonna return some faces and
we can look at what's gonna
be shown on the screen.
So if I go back here, so
don't worry about the pink border.
So if I enable the webcam,
start, I forgot to
actually import from the utils,
so apologies for that.
If you have picked up on that before,
then it should work for you.
But we are importing startWebcam and
take picture,
cuz that's the two functions from
the details that we're gonna need.
So now, if I refresh, that should work.
So if I click on Webcam, cool,
and then I'm going to capture.
Okay, so [LAUGH] not a good capture.
Anyway, so this is resized, because in
general, I mean, I could look at this.
But I think the model might have been
trained with pictures that were more like
square, so you just resize it.
In the UI, it doesn't look great, but
the model doesn't really care if
the proportions are not right.
Then if I predict, yes, okay,
it took a little bit of time.
But what we get back here is an array of
faces and it has recognized only one face.
I haven't actually tried it with more
people, but if you are building things
with more people, It would be kind of fun
to see if it detects multiple people.
But what you get inside here in the output
of the model, only if I can show, so
you have a box here that is basically
the coordinates of the face on the screen.
So if you want to draw a box
that we're gonna do right after,
it basically tells you that the height and
width and the xMax in terms of x and
y coordinates of where your
face is in the picture taken.
And then in terms of key points, you also
have access to different key points.
So here in the following part of the
exercise, I'm just gonna draw a box that
if you wanted to put things specifically
where the rightEye or where the leftEye
is, then you also have access to the x and
y coordinates of this as well.